== Simplified wizardly-examples illustrating issue with lockdown

Issue affecting how lockdown interacts with stuff like wizardly

Wizardly can be found here http://github.com/jeffp/wizardly

Lockdown can be found here http://stonean.com/page/lockdown

== Setup

clone the directory

  git clone git://github.com/matellis/wizardly-examples.git

change to the directory and build the database.  The examples currently use Sqlite3 (you'll need it installed or
change the database to your preference)

  rake db:create
  rake db:migrate
	
start the server

  ./script/server 

== Simplification

All the examples from the original code have been removed except for simple sign up. This is to make the code a little shorter.

All the relevant gems were added to the vendor folder in case one of them was the problem.	
	
== The Issue

Go to the folder config/initializers/lockit.rb and uncomment the first and last lines. This will make Lockdown run whenever you run db:migrate. Now go and rebuild the database:

  rake db:drop
  rake db:create
  rake db:migrate

You will get an error message a bit like this:

  /code/wizardly-examples(master) >rake db:drop;rake db:create; rake db:migrate
  (in /code/wizardly-examples)
  (in /code/wizardly-examples)
  (in /code/wizardly-examples)
  => Mixing in Lockdown version: 1.3.1 
  => Requiring Lockdown rules engine: /code/wizardly-examples/lib/lockdown/init.rb 
  rake aborted!
  /code/wizardly-examples/vendor/gems/jeffp-wizardly-0.1.8.8/lib/wizardly/wizard/configuration.rb:67:in `create': Failed to configure wizard from UserSignup validation groups: Could not find table 'users'
  (See full trace by running task with --trace)

This is the chicken and egg: Lockdown is attempting to load the UserSignup model which relies on the Users table which isn't there yet as we haven't ran db:migrate yet.

I hacked a fix by only loading the lockdown code if db:migrate is not running. This causes a couple of errors but does seem to fix the issue.